                    PROXY
--------------------------------------------------

16 Proxy Behavior
-   SIP proxies are elements that route SIP requests to user agent
    servers and SIP responses to user agent clients.
   
-   A proxy can operate in either a stateful or stateless mode for each new request.
    
    When stateless, a proxy acts as a simple forwarding element.
    A stateless proxy discards information about a message once the message
    has been forwarded.
    
    A stateful proxy remembers information about each incoming request and any
    requests it sends as a result of processing the incoming request
    A stateful proxy MAY choose to "fork" a request, routing it to multiple destinations.
    Any request that is forwarded to more than one location MUST be handled statefully

--------------------------------------------------

16.2 Stateful Proxy
-   For all new requests, a Proxy must:
    1. Validate the request (Section 16.3)
    2. Preprocess routing information (Section 16.4)
    3. Determine target(s) for the request (Section 16.5)
    4. Forward the request to each target (Section 16.6)
    5. Process all responses (Section 16.7)
        
16.5 Determining Request Targets
-   The proxy calculates the target(s) of the request.  The set of
    targets will either be predetermined by the contents of the request
    or will be obtained from an abstract location service.  Each target
    in the set is represented as a URI.

16.6 Request Forwarding
-   As soon as the target set is non-empty, a proxy MAY begin forwarding
    the request.  A stateful proxy MAY process the set in any order.
    
    A common ordering mechanism is to use the qvalue parameter of targets
    obtained from Contact header fields (see Section 20.10).  Targets are
    processed from highest qvalue to lowest.  Targets with equal qvalues
    may be processed in parallel.
    
-   For each target, the proxy forwards the request following these steps:
    1.  Make a copy of the received request
    2.  Update the Request-URI
    3.  Update the Max-Forwards header field
    4.  Optionally add a Record-route header field value
    5.  Optionally add additional header fields
    6.  Postprocess routing information
    7.  Determine the next-hop address, port, and transport
    8.  Add a Via header field value
    9.  Add a Content-Length header field if necessary
    10. Forward the new request
            Create a new client transaction
            instructs the transaction to send the request using
            the address, port and transport determined in step 7.
    11. Set timer C
            Handle case: INVITE never get final response
            Larger than 3 minutes

16.7 Response Processing
-   When a response is received by an element, it first tries to locate a
    client transaction (Section 17.1.3) matching the response.
    
-   The following processing MUST take place:
    1.  Find the appropriate response context
            The proxy locates the "response context" it created before
            forwarding the original request using the key described in
            Section 16.6.  The remaining processing steps take place in
            this context.
    2.  Update timer C for provisional responses
    3.  Remove the topmost Via
    4.  Add the response to the response context
    5.  Check to see if this response should be forwarded immediately
    6.  When necessary, choose the best final response from the response context
            A stateful proxy MUST send a final response
            to a response context's server transaction
    7.  Aggregate authorization header field values if necessary
    8.  Optionally rewrite Record-Route header field values
    9.  Forward the response
    10. Generate any necessary CANCEL requests
    
--------------------------------------------------
            Timer C

16.6.11 Request Forwarding
-   In order to handle the case where an INVITE request never
    generates a final response, the TU uses a timer which is called
    timer C.  Timer C MUST be set for each client transaction when
    an INVITE request is proxied.  The timer MUST be larger than 3
    minutes
    
16.7.2 Response Processing
-   For an INVITE transaction, if the response is a provisional
    response with status codes 101 to 199 inclusive
    the proxy MUST reset timer C for that client transaction.
    The timer MAY be reset to a different value, 
    but this value MUST be greater than 3 minutes.

16.8 Reponse Processing
-   If timer C should fire, the proxy MUST either reset the timer with
    any value it chooses, or terminate the client transaction.  If the
    client transaction has received a provisional response, the proxy
    MUST generate a CANCEL request matching that transaction.  If the
    client transaction has not received a provisional response, the proxy
    MUST behave as if the transaction received a 408 (Request Timeout)
    response.


A Table of Timer Values
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3261#page-265










    
